Hi guys I hope you enjoyed that section and in this tutorial I just wanted to show you that you can
download all of the videos that we create in this course in order to get access to these visuals.
All you have to do is bring up a browser and go to my Tableau Public Profile.
So go to w w w dot public dot tableau dot com slash profiles slash Carol dot Arum ankle.
And here you can see that you can download all of the visuals that we create in this course and not
just the pictures but the actual workbook so we have to do is select this download icon over here and
you'll download the workbook to your computer and you can open up in tableau.
So hopefully they'll be useful you can use these visuals to either check your work after you've completed
a section or you can just download them before a section and follow along if you like.
It's up to you how you'd like to structure this learning process but these resources are there to help
you if you need them.
And I hope they'll be helpful.
I look forward to seeing you next time.
And until then happy analyzing.